Add `prefer-export-from` rule (#1453)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/prefer-export-from.md

# Prefer `export…from` when re-exporting

> When re-exporting from module, it's unnecessary to import and then export, it can be done in one `export…from` declaration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When re-exporting from a module, it's unnecessary to import and then export. It can be done in a single `export…from` declaration.
```
